Okay.
So, this one is gonna go
to uni with you, right?
Yeah. Sure.
And what about the "big heads"?
What do you wanna do with them?
They're not called big heads, Mum.
They're called Pop Vinyls.
All right.
Well, I still call them big heads.
I mean, whatever.
I was planning on leaving them
right there on the shelf,
but I guess I can't do that anymore.
You can give 'em away.
No, no. We're gonna find a spot for them.
It's just annoying.
You know, having to spend the next
two months sharing a room with Henry.
Todd, I'm sorry, okay?
Whatever. I can stay at Amy's.
You're not gonna stay at Amy's.
And why not?
You and Dad had sex in high school.
Yeah, we snuck around
like normal teenagers, all right?
No one agreed to host us.
Yeah, well, her parents are cool.
They don't care if I sleep over.
Well, your parents aren't cool.
I need a few more years before
I'm gonna come down and have breakfast
with you and your girlfriend, all right?
I'm not ready for that.
Whatever.
It's not like I'm gonna live here
anymore anyway.
Once you give my room to Nan.
Your room is downstairs.
It's easier for her.
Yeah, with a new alarm system that beeps
every time the door opens.
To protect her.
So she doesn't wander off
in the middle of the night.
This place totally feels like a jail.
Well, would you not say that
in front of her, please?
Hey. How about I give you a haircut?
I won't charge you.
No. I like it long.
-Hey, babe.
-Hey.
Hot date?
Have to be on the road
at 5:00 a.m., and I feel like shit.
So, I'm gonna look fantastic.
Heard you got nice mother-and-son
time helping him pack up his room?
Well, it was more me boxing things up
and him telling me that he wanted
to move in with Amy and her parents
so he could have lots of sex.
Well, I mean, you know…
God. I wish they'd broken up after
their last fight. She's not friendly.
She has those horrible short bangs.
-Think you were friendly when you were 17?
-Fuck yeah.
-Really?
-I was very friendly.
I think this is a bit
of revisionist history.
-Ask my mum.
-Think about--
I think you should ask my mum actually.
Actually, don't ask my mum
'cause it'll trigger her.
So, how long
you reckon she's gonna be here?
Come on. We talked about this.
Yeah, we didn't talk about numbers,
so what are we talking?
We talking six months or six years?
Would you just be supportive, please?
I am supportive, but she's not the easiest
person in the world to get along with.
You'd say that yourself.
She has nowhere else to go.
She's my mother.
Yeah, it's fine. It's okay.
She's family. She's coming.
I was just asking about a timeline.
That's all.
I can't get through the next few days.
I'm gonna have a really tough time.
So please, don't make me think ahead.
I love that one.
It's one of me absolute faves.
Let's…
Kinda love you
…feet…
…Let it all hang out
Oh, the temper of the time
Oh, the power and the passion…
Sometimes you've got to take
the hardest line
And the world seems to disappear
Disappear, disappear, disappear
Disappear
Yep?
Hi, Mum. It's me.
It's your daughter.
The doctor told me not to spring
things on you
'cause it can make you agitated
and disoriented,
so I'm out here in the driveway.
Take your time.
You think I'm so far gone
I can't answer my own door?
Just doing what the doctor said.
-You hungry?
-No.
-Good, 'cause I didn't cook anything.
-Okay.
Good morning.
What's all this?
I've put everything out so you can see it.
So you can think about
what you wanna bring.
I don't want anything.
I rented that awful van.
There's plenty of room, so…
I don't have enough time to go through
all that stuff.
The doctor said you'd be much happier
if you were surrounded by some
of your own things.
Yes. He also said it would be years
before I got worse.
He was way off, wasn't he?
He just said that you would be a lot more
comfortable, less agitated…
I'm not agitated.
…if you were surrounded by
all of the things that you love,
like your books and--
Yes, 'cause I presume
you don't have any of those.
It's your space to--
Where are all my cups? God's sake.
Please. I am being dragged from my home.
I'm not packing up to go away on holiday.
We have all the time we need
to do this right.
I've taken a couple of days off work.
I'm here just for you.
Fine. Why don't you pick one thing
from each room that you want.
Pick one thing, Mumma,
from-- from the kitchen. One thing.
I want that good pan I use to make eggs.
You want an egg pan?
Listen. You wanna bring
stuff, you just take whatever you want.
I'm not gonna remember any of it anyway.
You--
Mum, bring the egg pan. I--
Why are you hunched over the sink
like that? What's wrong?
I just-- I ate something. Something weird.
So you've decided to come, have you?
I've resigned myself,
if that's what you're getting at.
You wanna bring anything else?
Yes. I found something in my bedroom.
What?
You know, I think it's gonna be good
for the boys, you living with us.
There are some schools
that have been studying
the benefits of intergenerational living.
They've come up with these campuses now,
so senior living
and students all together.
What schools?
What?
What schools are studying this?
I read it in an article.
What in? Marie Claire? Woman's Day?
I thought you'd be interested.
Can we just not talk?
I mean, it's making me exhausted.
All right.
I get it. You're angry at me.
I'd be angry at me too.
But we both decided
this is what's best for you.
I had a momentary lapse in judgment,
and you took advantage of that.
Well, it's decided now,
so we may as well make the best of it.
Let's make this into a road trip.
Isn't that what we're doing?
No. No. This is driving.
A road trip is fun.
Where are we? Where are you taking me?
I'm taking you wherever you wanna go.
All right. Make your decision. Lunch.
Come on. You pick.
Press the little knife and fork thingy.
See what's around here.
Wherever you wanna go. Sky's the limit.
Oh, God. How depressing.
Why are there so many ads
for funeral parlors?
It's quite savvy if you ask me.
Play to the crowd.
What are you hunting for with that fork?
Just eat it.
They put little bacon pieces in my salad.
God, no. Not bacon.
I'm vegetarian.
Since when?
I haven't eaten meat for ten years, Mum.
I must've forgotten
with the dementia and all that.
So, is Todd excited to go to uni?
I don't know. I mean…
he's very excited to have sex
with his girlfriend as much as possible.
Well, of course. He's a teenage boy.
What course is he doing?
Arts. At Wollongong.
It wasn't his first choice.
-Wasn't my first choice.
-What did he wanna do?
He didn't really know, to be honest.
Well, why is he going?
I mean, uni's not for everyone.
Oh, that's really rich coming from you.
Well, it's too much pressure.
When I dropped out,
you lost your shit, Mum.
That was different. You were smart.
Todd's smart.
But you were distracted.
-All right. Well, this isn't about me.
-Yeah, by Adam.
At least I found something I love doing.
All I'm saying is,
if Todd's not a student,
then why force him into it?
I'm not forcing him into doing anything.
I thought you were supposed
to not get me agitated.
What is that? What are you hiding there?
It's an album.
What album?
You stole that from my house.
Thought we could go through it together.
Oh, right. You're trying
to trick me into memory aerobics.
No.
It's as much for me as it is for you.
So many of these pictures are on holiday.
You were little. That's what people do.
Look at this.
I hated that cat.
-You did not.
-No, no. It pissed all over the house.
Look at Dad. He looks so young.
So funny. You're not in any of these.
Well, of course I wasn't.
I mean, who do you think was holding
the fucking camera?
Oh, yeah. You're right.
Just put the bloody album away.
I'm gonna go to the loo.
So, where are we going
on this epic adventure of ours?
I don't know. I was gonna look up
somewhere fun nearby.
We could drive along the coast.
That's a big detour.
I've always wanted to do that drive.
If you're forcing me to enjoy myself.
I thought it would be bigger.
Well, the joke's on us.
We went right out of our way
just to stand here.
Come on. I love the bigs.
Don't you love the bigs?
I mean, it doesn't even look
like a big potato.
It looks like a big turd.
This is so stupid.
Well, it makes you smile.
Nothing stupid about that.
I'm tired. I think I need to lie down.
You wanna rest in the car?
Can we stop somewhere?
Yeah.
Hey.
Hey. How you doin'? You strangle her yet?
It's not off the table.
You okay?
Yeah.
She fell asleep at seven o'clock.
Like a baby.
You sound tired too, babe.
You're not driving, are you?
No. We had to stop
at a shitty little motel.
She needed a break.
Well, it sounds like
she's not the only one.
I'm fine. What's happening there?
You having a good time with the boys?
Yeah, yeah. Boys are awesome.
They're in playing video games
and I'm just--
I'm just making some adjustments
to your-- your mum's bathroom cabinets.
Adjustments? What's wrong with them?
Just-- Just refurbishing the cabinets.
You're refurbishing the cabinets now?
Yeah. Well, I mean, your mum,
she's always giving me shit
about the house,
and I figured it's a good time
for a little face-lift.
Okay.
Well, can you make sure the face-lift
is done by the time we get back?
It's just a few tweaks, honey.
I'm a professional. It's what I do.
But, please. There's just--
There's enough chaos right now.
It's gonna be worth it.
You might wanna take
the long way home just to be sure.
Love you. Bye.
Happy birth--
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday, dear Robin
Happy…
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit. Mum.
Oh, fuck. Fuck!
Fuck.
You forgot to put on your pants.
I-- I thought you'd--
I thought you'd gone out.
I was having a shower.
Want me to fix your hair?
That would be nice.
-So, what are you doing there?
-I'm just giving it a bit of a swoop.
Years of practice, you know?
This is how I did your hair
for my wedding.
Who did you marry?
Adam.
We met in high school.
You've known him since he was 17.
Are you happy?
We're rolling along.
Want a cup of tea?
I think it looks great.
Oh, fuck. Oh, shit.
Wow. Gorgeous, isn't it?
We came here 30 years ago, Mum.
Nah, I've never been here before.
Yes, you have. Yeah.
You dragged Dad and I down that trail
to the lookout
so you could take a picture.
I'm gonna grab a jacket, Mumma.
Wait there.
Shit.
Mum?
Did you see a woman? She w--
No. She might've went to the lookout.
Thank you.
Mum? Mum?
Mum!
Mumma!
Mum! Mum.
Mum!
Mum! Stay-- Stay there!
Mumma, It's me.
Hey. It's all right. I'm here.
I don't know where I am.
It's all right.
Oh, God. What a mess. What a fucking mess.
It's all right. Come on.
Let's just get you home.
Yeah.
Okay.
Here.
All right. I got it, Mum.
You go in.
Hey, Rosie. Here, let me--
let me get that for you.
-I'm good, thanks.
-She's coming in hot.
-Oh, God.
-Hey, babe.
-Hi. Here.
-Okay. I'll take this. You just go in.
Have a cup of tea.
Kids made a lovely sign. Yep.
-They did?
-Yeah.
Everything's unloaded.
Boys are helping your mum
put her stuff away.
Great.
And she hasn't eaten them yet.
She said to bring these upstairs.
Said they're yours.
There's a lot of photos missing.
-I ate them.
-What?
I ate them.
I couldn't help myself.
Dad's gone.
Mum's gonna forget everything soon, so I--
There's just me. Just me.
And I have to hold on to all of it, so…
I'm not a daughter anymore.
I'm at the end of being a mother.
And I'm scared.
Looking ahead, I'm pretty scared.
And I-- I don't really like
talking to her.
I don't really like spending time
with her.
And-- And I love her, but I don't-- I--
I don't wanna lose her.
Hey. You remember me?
I'm that guy that did a pretty stellar job
at renovating that bathroom, by the way.
I've missed you.
Good, 'cause I've missed you too.
Sorry. Sorry I've been all over the place.
You have, but you're here now, right?
We both are.
Us.
Yeah.
God.
-Mum's downstairs.
-Yeah.
I don't think that she'll approve.
We never got caught in high school.
-And I think we know what we're doing.
-Yes, we did.
Hey, Nan?
When Todd goes to uni,
he's gonna give his Nintendo Switch.
Wow. That's a pretty big deal, isn't it?
Yeah. It's, like, the most important thing
in his life.
Except for his girlfriend.
Stop it.
Do you want us to teach you how to play?
I don't think so.
-Okay.
-We could play cards.
Rose, you remember you taught me
how to play poker,
and we bet with coppers?
Hey!
What?
Mum told us.
We're not supposed to say that word.
What word?
"Remember."
Darling, it's okay.
Here. Show me how to play
this bloody game.
So get-- Go out of it. So go B.
It's called The Legend of Zelda.
"Zelda." That's a good name.
What's-- What's your girlfriend's name?
-It's Amy.
-Amy.
So I hear Amy's a pretty good shag.
Okay. Well, she's--
She's quite nervous to meet you.
-Is she?
-Very.
Now, why am I just in a forest?
Is this the game or…
Yeah. Well, that's part of the game.
See, that's Link, right?
He's been asleep for a hundred years,
and he woke up
and doesn't remember anything.
Now he's gotta regain his memory
and then save the kingdom
from Calamity Ganon.
I'm not talking about her.
I'm talking about Link.
There's so much grass.
Take him out.
Go on. Show her the controls.
Just go into the blue bit. Go up.
Yeah, turn around. Yeah, hit B.
-B?
-The B-- No.
-B.
-Yeah, there. Then turn around.
-How do I turn around?
-She-- She knows who we are.
The right stick?
I was scared she wouldn't.
But I think she's having a good time.
-But yeah, just go into that blue thing.
-Shit.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, if you stay straight,
then you might be able to…
Take them down.